plugins/server-side-render-block-d26119/README.md, before:

# Server Side Render Block d26119

This example demonstrates how to build a simple block that is rendered on the server and displayed in the Editor using the `ServerSideRender` component.

<!-- Please, do not remove these @TABLE EXAMPLES BEGIN and @TABLE EXAMPLES END comments or modify the table inside. This table is automatically generated from the data at _data/examples.json and _data/tags.json -->
<!-- @TABLE EXAMPLES BEGIN -->
<!-- @TABLE EXAMPLES END -->

## Understanding the Example Code

- This is a dynamic block that renders content on the server side. However, instead of using a `render.php` file, it uses a render callback function.
- In the Editor, the block content defined in the callback function is rendered using the `ServerSideRender` component.
- This example also demonstrates how to register a custom attribute for the block and how to use it in the callback function.

## Related resources

- [`ServerSideRender` documentation](https://developer.wordpress.org/block-editor/reference-guides/components/server-side-render/)

----

> **Note**
> Check the [Start Guide for local development with the examples](https://github.com/WordPress/block-development-examples/wiki/02-Examples#start-guide-for-local-development-with-the-examples)

Commit message:

Add note about use of Disabled component

plugins/server-side-render-block-d26119/README.md, after:

# Server Side Render Block d26119

This example demonstrates how to build a simple block that is rendered on the server and displayed in the Editor using the `ServerSideRender` component.

<!-- Please, do not remove these @TABLE EXAMPLES BEGIN and @TABLE EXAMPLES END comments or modify the table inside. This table is automatically generated from the data at _data/examples.json and _data/tags.json -->
<!-- @TABLE EXAMPLES BEGIN -->
<!-- @TABLE EXAMPLES END -->

## Understanding the Example Code

- This is a dynamic block that renders content on the server side. However, instead of using a `render.php` file, it uses a render callback function.
- In the Editor, the block content defined in the callback function is rendered using the `ServerSideRender` component.
- It's best practice to wrap the `ServerSideRender` component in a `Disabled` component. This ensures that users can't mistakenly interact with or modify the block's content directly in the editor, especially when such interaction is not intended.  
- This example also demonstrates how to register a custom attribute for the block and how to use it in the callback function.

## Related resources

- [`ServerSideRender` documentation](https://developer.wordpress.org/block-editor/reference-guides/components/server-side-render/)

----

> **Note**
> Check the [Start Guide for local development with the examples](https://github.com/WordPress/block-development-examples/wiki/02-Examples#start-guide-for-local-development-with-the-examples)
