plugins/inner-blocks-dcd824/README.md, before:

### Block Development Examples - Inner Blocks dcd824

The goal of this example is to ...

<!-- Please, do not remove these @TABLE EXAMPLES BEGIN and @TABLE EXAMPLES END comments or modify the table inside. This table is automatically generated from the data at _data/examples.json and _data/tags.json -->
<!-- @TABLE EXAMPLES BEGIN -->
| Folder                                                                                               | <span style="display: inline-block; width:250px">Short description</span> | Tags | ID ([❓](https://github.com/WordPress/block-development-examples/wiki/04-Why-an-ID-for-every-example%3F "Why an ID for every example?")) | Download .zip                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                   | Live Demo                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                           |
| ---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- | ------------------------------------------------------------------------- | ---- | --------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- | --------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- | ----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- |
| [📁](https://github.com/WordPress/block-development-examples/tree/trunk/plugins/inner-blocks-dcd824) | Inner Blocks                                                              |      | `dcd824`                                                                                                                                | [📦](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/WordPress/block-development-examples/deploy/zips/inner-blocks-dcd824.zip "Install the plugin using this zip and activate it. Then use the ID of the block (dcd824) to find it and add it to a post to see it in action") | [![](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/WordPress/block-development-examples/trunk/_assets/icon-wp.svg)](https://playground.wordpress.net/?blueprint-url=https://raw.githubusercontent.com/WordPress/block-development-examples/trunk/plugins/inner-blocks-dcd824/_playground/blueprint.json "Use the ID of the block (dcd824) to find it and add it to a post to see it in action") |
<!-- @TABLE EXAMPLES END -->

## Understanding the Example Code

Overview of the code in bullet point form.

## Related resources

Bulleted list of references

----

> **Note**
> Check the [Start Guide for local development with the examples](https://github.com/WordPress/block-development-examples/wiki/02-Examples#start-guide-for-local-development-with-the-examples)

Commit message:

improvements on inner block example (#121)

plugins/inner-blocks-dcd824/README.md, after:

### Block Development Examples - Inner Blocks dcd824

The goal of this example is to show how the component `InnerBlocks` allows to create custom blocks that accepts other blocks inside. 

<!-- Please, do not remove these @TABLE EXAMPLES BEGIN and @TABLE EXAMPLES END comments or modify the table inside. This table is automatically generated from the data at _data/examples.json and _data/tags.json -->
<!-- @TABLE EXAMPLES BEGIN -->
| Folder                                                                                               | <span style="display: inline-block; width:250px">Short description</span> | Tags | ID ([❓](https://github.com/WordPress/block-development-examples/wiki/04-Why-an-ID-for-every-example%3F "Why an ID for every example?")) | Download .zip                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                   | Live Demo                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                           |
| ---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- | ------------------------------------------------------------------------- | ---- | --------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- | --------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- | ----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- |
| [📁](https://github.com/WordPress/block-development-examples/tree/trunk/plugins/inner-blocks-dcd824) | Inner Blocks                                                              |      | `dcd824`                                                                                                                                | [📦](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/WordPress/block-development-examples/deploy/zips/inner-blocks-dcd824.zip "Install the plugin using this zip and activate it. Then use the ID of the block (dcd824) to find it and add it to a post to see it in action") | [![](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/WordPress/block-development-examples/trunk/_assets/icon-wp.svg)](https://playground.wordpress.net/?blueprint-url=https://raw.githubusercontent.com/WordPress/block-development-examples/trunk/plugins/inner-blocks-dcd824/_playground/blueprint.json "Use the ID of the block (dcd824) to find it and add it to a post to see it in action") |
<!-- @TABLE EXAMPLES END -->

## Understanding the Example Code

At `edit.js` we can see how we import `InnerBlocks` from `@wordpress/block-editor` and use it inside our `Edit` component by setting a specific "template" for this block every time is inserted. From `block.json` we define the "allowedBlocks" that are allowed to be inserted within the `InnerBlocks` part of the block.

## Related resources

- [Nested Blocks: Using InnerBlocks](https://developer.wordpress.org/block-editor/how-to-guides/block-tutorial/nested-blocks-inner-blocks/)
- [`templateLock` docs](https://github.com/WordPress/gutenberg/blob/bb73da7b19ca11be56b0d3c430434b7b4093059f/packages/block-editor/src/components/inner-blocks/README.md#templatelock)

----

> **Note**
> Check the [Start Guide for local development with the examples](https://github.com/WordPress/block-development-examples/wiki/02-Examples#start-guide-for-local-development-with-the-examples)
