plugins/interactive-blocks-demos-99def1/README.md, before:

# Interactive Blocks Demos

The goal of this example is to showcase the use of different ways of creating interactive blocks in [Gutenberg](https://github.com/WordPress/gutenberg).

This example shows how to add interactivity to a block using:

-   Alpine
-   jQuery
-   React
-   Plain JS
-   Web Components

_This example has been adapted from [the original one](https://github.com/wptrainingteam/interactive-blocks-demos) that was used in the lightning talk **[Creating interactive blocks: old, new, and good ways](https://europe.wordcamp.org/2022/session/lightning-talks/)** at the [WordCamp Europe 2022](https://europe.wordcamp.org/2022/) (see [video](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=91anxAgQGJw&t=15939s) and [slides](https://github.com/WordPress/block-development-examples/blob/trunk/plugins/interactive-blocks-demos-99def1/_assets/interactive-blocks-talk-slides.pdf) of this talk)_

<!-- Please, do not remove these @TABLE EXAMPLES BEGIN and @TABLE EXAMPLES END comments or modify the table inside. This table is automatically generated from the data at _data/examples.json and _data/tags.json -->
<!-- @TABLE EXAMPLES BEGIN -->
| Example | <span style="display: inline-block; width:250px">Description</span> | Tags |Download .zip | Live Demo |
| -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- | ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------ | --------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- | ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- | ----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- |
| [Interactive Blocks](https://github.com/WordPress/block-development-examples/tree/trunk/plugins/interactive-blocks-demos-99def1) | Collection of examples showing how to create blocks with interactive features and client-side functionality. | <small><code><a href="https://WordPress.github.io/block-development-examples/?tags=interactive-block">interactive-block</a></code></small> <small><code><a href="https://WordPress.github.io/block-development-examples/?tags=multi-block">multi-block</a></code></small> | [📦](https://github.com/WordPress/block-development-examples/releases/download/latest/interactive-blocks-demos-99def1.zip "Install the plugin on any WordPress site using this zip and activate it to see the example in action") | [![](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/WordPress/block-development-examples/trunk/_assets/icon-wp.svg)](https://playground.wordpress.net/?blueprint-url=https://raw.githubusercontent.com/WordPress/block-development-examples/trunk/plugins/interactive-blocks-demos-99def1/_playground/blueprint.json "Click here to access a live demo of this example" ) |
<!-- @TABLE EXAMPLES END -->

## Understanding the Example Code

The example demonstrates several key technical concepts:

-   Block registration with different front-end technologies
-   Client-side state management approaches
-   Event handling and DOM manipulation
-   Integration with WordPress core functionality

## Related Resources

-   [Block Editor Handbook - Interactivity API](https://developer.wordpress.org/block-editor/reference-guides/packages/packages-interactivity/)
-   [Alpine.js Documentation](https://alpinejs.dev/docs)
-   [React Documentation](https://react.dev/)
-   [Web Components Introduction](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/Web_Components)
-   [jQuery in WordPress](https://developer.wordpress.org/coding-standards/wordpress-coding-standards/javascript/#jquery)
-   [Block Interactivity Examples](https://github.com/WordPress/gutenberg/tree/trunk/packages/block-library/src/interactive-blocks)
-   [WordCamp Europe 2022 Talk](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=91anxAgQGJw&t=15939s)

---

> **Note**
> Check the [Start Guide for local development with the examples](https://github.com/WordPress/block-development-examples/wiki/Examples#start-guide-for-local-development-with-the-examples)

Commit message:

Add note about iAPI in interactive-blocks-demos-99def1

plugins/interactive-blocks-demos-99def1/README.md, after:

# Interactive Blocks Demos

These examples show the use of the [Interactivity API](https://developer.wordpress.org/block-editor/reference-guides/interactivity-api/) in Blocks via the [`@wordpress/interactivity` package](https://developer.wordpress.org/block-editor/reference-guides/packages/packages-interactivity/)

> [!IMPORTANT]  
> WordPress now provides an [Interactivity API](https://developer.wordpress.org/block-editor/reference-guides/interactivity-api/), the official a recommended way to add interactivity in the Frontend for WordPress sites. Check the [Interactive Block using Interactivity API example](https://github.com/WordPress/block-development-examples/tree/trunk/plugins/interactivity-api-block-833d15)
>
> To better understand the benefits of using the Interactivity API versus other aporoaches you can check the docs [About the Interactivity API](https://developer.wordpress.org/block-editor/reference-guides/interactivity-api/iapi-about) and [Frequently Asked Questions](https://developer.wordpress.org/block-editor/reference-guides/interactivity-api/iapi-faq/)

The goal of this example is to showcase the use of different ways of creating interactive blocks in [Gutenberg](https://github.com/WordPress/gutenberg).

This example shows how to add interactivity to a block using:

-   Alpine
-   jQuery
-   React
-   Plain JS
-   Web Components

_This example has been adapted from [the original one](https://github.com/wptrainingteam/interactive-blocks-demos) that was used in the lightning talk **[Creating interactive blocks: old, new, and good ways](https://europe.wordcamp.org/2022/session/lightning-talks/)** at the [WordCamp Europe 2022](https://europe.wordcamp.org/2022/) (see [video](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=91anxAgQGJw&t=15939s) and [slides](https://github.com/WordPress/block-development-examples/blob/trunk/plugins/interactive-blocks-demos-99def1/_assets/interactive-blocks-talk-slides.pdf) of this talk)_

<!-- Please, do not remove these @TABLE EXAMPLES BEGIN and @TABLE EXAMPLES END comments or modify the table inside. This table is automatically generated from the data at _data/examples.json and _data/tags.json -->
<!-- @TABLE EXAMPLES BEGIN -->

| Example                                                                                                                          | <span style="display: inline-block; width:250px">Description</span>                                          | Tags                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                      | Download .zip                                                                                                                                                                                                                     | Live Demo                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                   |
| -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- | ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------ | ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- | --------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- | ----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- |
| [Interactive Blocks](https://github.com/WordPress/block-development-examples/tree/trunk/plugins/interactive-blocks-demos-99def1) | Collection of examples showing how to create blocks with interactive features and client-side functionality. | <small><code><a href="https://WordPress.github.io/block-development-examples/?tags=interactive-block">interactive-block</a></code></small> <small><code><a href="https://WordPress.github.io/block-development-examples/?tags=multi-block">multi-block</a></code></small> | [📦](https://github.com/WordPress/block-development-examples/releases/download/latest/interactive-blocks-demos-99def1.zip 'Install the plugin on any WordPress site using this zip and activate it to see the example in action') | [![](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/WordPress/block-development-examples/trunk/_assets/icon-wp.svg)](https://playground.wordpress.net/?blueprint-url=https://raw.githubusercontent.com/WordPress/block-development-examples/trunk/plugins/interactive-blocks-demos-99def1/_playground/blueprint.json 'Click here to access a live demo of this example') |

<!-- @TABLE EXAMPLES END -->

## Understanding the Example Code

The example demonstrates several key technical concepts:

-   Block registration with different front-end technologies
-   Client-side state management approaches
-   Event handling and DOM manipulation
-   Integration with WordPress core functionality

## Related Resources

-   [Block Editor Handbook - Interactivity API](https://developer.wordpress.org/block-editor/reference-guides/packages/packages-interactivity/)
-   [Alpine.js Documentation](https://alpinejs.dev/docs)
-   [React Documentation](https://react.dev/)
-   [Web Components Introduction](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/Web_Components)
-   [jQuery in WordPress](https://developer.wordpress.org/coding-standards/wordpress-coding-standards/javascript/#jquery)
-   [Block Interactivity Examples](https://github.com/WordPress/gutenberg/tree/trunk/packages/block-library/src/interactive-blocks)
-   [WordCamp Europe 2022 Talk](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=91anxAgQGJw&t=15939s)

---

> **Note**
> Check the [Start Guide for local development with the examples](https://github.com/WordPress/block-development-examples/wiki/Examples#start-guide-for-local-development-with-the-examples)
